[Music]
and that seems one of the safe points
the president of the acquisitive league at
arrive in a matter of several hours and it
directs to give a hopeful message to
the clinic of the saints our mission
is to establish patrols around the
building the mission of the swat is to ride
safe points around the area and the
mission of the police officers is
enter the building and protect the
president to scientists once
inside and all this with the maximum
possible silence or the infected will be
attracted by the noise
[Music]
with which I must enter the clinic
making as little noise as possible or
infected will hear me then I will go running and
If that does not work out I'll be serious
problems
[Music]
what is that noise curse have you heard me
I must enter and mount a barricade in
the main door the infected
they will enter
above all, calm down, Mr. Mayor
sure everything goes well and there is no
no setback also has the
best men working for you
they will have put millions of insurance points
and they will have cleaned the area of those
infected yes but there's something that
worry I do not know what is something can
has gone wrong and all this goes to the
garete mayor is half an hour
to land go prepare to the
it seems there has been a setback in the
Clinical and has increased the level of
risk above all calm yourself sir
mayor
it has cost but we have managed to do
a good barricade true let's hope that
endure enough forgiveness in this
disaster but everything has emerged very fast
or has been called to show you the cure
all this if you quickly apply this
subject can be settled once and for all
but if the infection spreads
quickly there will be no remedy is possible
therefore, he must extend the cure to all
the hospitals so they start
cure the infected as soon as possible but
if the infected ones begin to infect
people quickly unfortunately
we will not be able to do anything
if there is someone from this room who is not
agree that I speak now street to
forever
[Music]
there is nothing of the infected have
entered the building we must evacuate
the building immediately
[Music]
one
m
Julian has been close next time not
we will risk for some citizens
that we do not even care about now
heading to my Miami mansion if
president but that is that noise not what
I know it looks like a motorbike but a motorbike
in a private jet